ask: can you actually fit the datat if you make the regulariztion stronger?
plot final error on alpha - m plot
(how does hidden layer size affect error, how does regularizer weight affect error)

is there a choice of x and y st you don't need the regularizer,
MSE x y acts as the regularizer
which data forces it to be convolutional?

linear regression solution, when does it intersect set of all convolutional matrices
"GREAT QUESTION"
finding X Y st W is convolutional is another optimization problem
quadratic optimization problem in entries of y
good question: check when H is positive semidefinite
write down first-order optimality conditions for x, see what happens
question: what is the range of possible values of XT (X XT)^-1 ?
matrix polynomial equations (not quite, becuase of the inverse)
you could write the inverse of the matrix in terms of adjugate / determinant
entries of inverse matrix will be rational function of entries of original matrix

its a quadratic prob, you can study it,
write down first order necessary conditions, by computing the gradient
(use the matrix product formulas for XT X thingy)
this gives you a critical point
this will be a constrained optimization problem
study this
should find a necessary condition

question: is the matrix X fat or tall? depending on that, the behavior might be different
consider both overdeterimined and underdetermined least squares linear regression

you can try this min Y X min Z problem computationally
using gradient descent
plot it, see if you have interesting structure (or somehow analyze it)

one idea: if the data has symmetries (eg. shift rotation),
that could be a structure that is conducive to producing convolutional matrices
sort columns and try to identify eg. if they are rotated versions of eachother

"to him ", his view of this problem is: what kind of problems are convolutional networks good for
eg. what kind of datasets would naturally lead to finding a convolutional network
different than saying eg. I "want" to get a convolutional network
want to get a conv network depending on the data
teacher generates data, if teacher is convolutional it will hopefully generate data that makes the student convolutional
"this is an underdetermined problem"
when you train another network, you might end up obtaining another network that is not convolutional
does that happen? if so, that means there is no data by itself that leads you to a convolutional matrix
an entire family of matrices that solves it equally well
experiment: generate data with teacher, fit the student
"matrix recovery problem" 
up to trivial symmetry, can you obtain convolutional? (eg permute rows of student)
there are trivial symmetries, and you SHOULD discount those

experiment: run minimization numerically, and also for nonlinear networks
nonlinear symmetry: can you identify the symmetries
have a chapter about symmetries

section 1: motivation
section 2, 3 "each question merits a section"
better to add more details than too little most of the time (in the paper) eg. notation etc.
10 ish pages is reasonable